next thing is the twofold extreme gluing
tape all right this is a it's a company
at its product out of the Czech Republic
very good stuff be sure if you're using
any of this you have the orange box
there is a yellow box of twofold tape
that is made for cyclocross and it's not
good to anything hotter than 80 degrees
Fahrenheit so make sure you have the
extreme tape okay so there's your
extreme tape chapter notices you have
one side that has a sticker that says
rim side and the other side says tire
side okay got to be sure you put the rim
side tape down on the rim once you're
installing it so you go ahead you start
at the valve hole okay here's your valve
will you peel back your orange tape okay
where it says rim side go ahead and dip
that up and you place it just to the
right of your valve okay next with your
finger on the orange tape you ought to
be sure you have that and then just go
around and make sure your tape is
centered and just keep following your
room just like this you should be able
to have it just like that fall down and
consider your bead of the tire onto the
rim sorry as you're moving along you
just want to go ahead with your other
hand and just kind of press it into that
be
some people will use this option on
racing to a little carry an extra 24
extreme tape and a regular spare and
they can do this on the side of the road
it's up to if you want you can see how
long it will take
okay this is a 700cc tire so you can see
you still have a little bit left so
it'll work on 650 or 700 see when you
get to the edge you want to have the
tape end at the opposite side of the
valve while you started from so go ahead
grab your scissors just go ahead and cut
it okay so you'll have an ending just
like that all right next thing you want
to do is this orange tape it kind of
just protects a sticky surface so that
you have you can work with it go ahead
and grab the two ends and bend them over
the same side of the rim just like that
so it's hanging off just like that okay
okay so make sure you have your valve
inside your valve one you want to start
go opposite each side make sure if
you're using the ground either put a
piece of cardboard or use your feet like
I am and keep your rim off the ground to
prevent any damage to your room alright
start here go ahead and start stretching
your tubular and setting it inside the
beat of the rim as you get down to this
area just use your body set it on it
just like that next what you want to do
is you want to start removing your tape
as soon as you remove this tape that
sticking surface is going to mate to the
casing in your tire so you know you have
a little bit time to work with so
basically what I'd like to do is lift up
a bit and just start pulling your orange
tape up
okay so it all came out pretty smooth
next thing you want to do is you want to
make sure you have equal distance of the
cotton casing around on the inside of
your tubular showing out on the side of
your rim okay just want to make sure
that you don't see any parts that have
way more cotton sticking out than a knee
so we do have a little bit of issue
right here you basically fold over lift
up and you can move your tire and
readjust it okay that looks good there
one nice thing to do is spin it and just
eyeball down the center line of your
tubular just to make sure it's on there
straight okay that's very important part
once that's done go ahead and inflate it
here's the most important part okay 125
psi is the ideal pressure for any
tubular on an asphalt course you have to
remember that word I asphalt even though
the tire says it will hold 220 125 is
ideal for an asphalt course that allows
the tire to move over objects instead of
bounce off the objects thanks for
watching
you